We spend an average of 1.5 hours day driving.
That translates to 4.3 years over our entire
lives.
What if we could spend this time focusing
on the things that really matter.
Your help can make this ideal a reality.
With self-driving cars, we can do more during
the time we spend going from place to place.
This technology uses computer vision to identify
different objects on the road and make decisions.
Car companies require huge training datasets
for every country they want to expand to.
That’s where you come in.
If you already own a dashcam, the driving
footage you upload to the Road.IO platform
will be used by current and emerging Autonomous
Car companies to make their products safer
and drive smoother.
Additionally, you will be compensated for
the videos you submit.
Contribution of data on a global scale will
hasten the development of affordable self
driving cars in your country.
You have the power to shape the future of
self driving cars.